warning if you have ever used Windows
Vista XP will pull out a pistol and
shoot you in the face and in your balls
ulchhhh thank God I have only used XP I
can predict your fortune your computer
will get a virus and destroy a harddrive
haha noob damn you you stupid fortune
steve ballmer is coming to install Vista
on your computer take your computer and
run for the hills longer is a noob we're
pulling XP off the market that means
people who don't have XP will never get
the amazing Microsoft Sam voice new whoo
make it funny sound okay then
roflcopter SWA SWA SWA SWA SWA SWA SWA
SWA hello i'll not making these sounds
Windows XP found virus Windows Vista
what do you wish to do Clint kill Vista
now you have too much RAM 32 gigabytes
in your computer please remove ran until
you have only 512 megabyte screen you I
can have as much RAM as I want to this
error is acting like a bitch you are
about to lose your internet connection
what do you wish to do I need new
interment mount on how please Windows
Vista is bad choose a new operating
system to continue I think I will take
XP thank you very much internet explorer
or is sit choose a new browser to
continue I will take Firefox then opera
his crap and Safari is for Mac a nuclear
missile has been targeted at your
location it will impact in five seconds
oh god someone help me
you